Update changelog with 1.0.0 Alpha notes. (#2157)
stellar/go: services/horizon/CHANGELOG.md

The most substantial element of this release is a full rewrite of Horizon's ledger ingestion engine, which enables some key features:

* A set of important new endpoints (see below). Some of these were impossible under the previous ingestion architecture.
* An in-memory order book graph for rapid querying.
* The ability to run parallel ingestion over multiple Horizon hosts, improving service availability for production deployments.

The new engine resolves multiple issues that were present in the old system. For example:

* Horizon's coupling to Stellar-Core's database is dramatically reduced.
* Data inconsistency due to lag between endpoints is eliminated.
* Slow endpoints (path-finding for example) are now speedy.

Finally, the rearchitecting makes new reliability features possible. An example is the new internal state verifier, which guarantees consistency between the local Horizon state and the public history archives.

> The [testing guide](internal/expingest/TESTING.md) contains all the information needed to start testing the new ingestion system.

Author: @ire-and-curses link to testing guide.  The link will work once the testing guide PR is merged and this is merged.

Reviewer: We won't merge the release branch until the release is stable. So it's better to change it to a branch link.

Author: @bartekn I mean, once we merge this PR into the release branch, the link will resolve correctly since you change will be in release-0.25.0 too, wouldn't it?

Reviewer: Yeah, you're totally right however, I think that if you link it from Releases page it will use `master` (because it's a default branch). So I think it's safer to use the absolute link.

Author: Absolutely, then.

### Added

> - Add [/accounts](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/accounts.html) endpoint, which allows filtering accounts who have a given signer or have a trustline to an asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [/accounts](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/accounts.html) endpoint, which allows filtering accounts that have a given signer or a trustline to an asset.
```

> - Add [/offers](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/offers.html) endpoint, which allows listing all offers in the network with filter support by seller, selling or buying asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [/offers](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/offers.html) endpoint, which allows listing all offers on the network with the ability to filter by seller account or by selling or buying asset.
```

> - Add [/offers](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/offers.html) endpoint, which allows listing all offers in the network with filter support by seller, selling or buying asset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [/offers](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/offers.html) endpoint, which lists all offers on the network and allows filtering by seller account or by selling or buying asset.
```

- Add [/paths/strict-send](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/path-finding-strict-send.html) endpoint, which enables discovery of optimal "strict send" paths between assets.

> - Add [/paths/strict-receive](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/path-finding-strict-receive.html) end-point, which enables discovery of optimal "strict receive" paths between assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [/paths/strict-receive](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/path-finding-strict-receive.html) endpoint, which enables discovery of optimal "strict receive" paths between assets.
```

> - Add [/paths/strict-receive](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/path-finding-strict-receive.html) end-point, which enables discovery of optimal "strict receive" paths between assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add [/paths/strict-receive](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/path-finding-strict-receive.html) endpoint, which enables discovery of optimal "strict receive" paths between assets.
```

- Add the fields `max_fee` and `fee_charged` to [/fee_stats](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/endpoints/fee-stats.html).

### Breaking changes

### Changed

- Change multiple operation types to their canonical names for [operation resources](https://www.stellar.org/developers/horizon/reference/resources/operation.html) ([#2134](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/2134)).

> - Change the type of multiple fields from `number` to `string`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Change the type of the following fields from `number` to `string`:
```
